seven practical content marketing tips
content is one of the key aspects for
seo and as i say content is key
and in theory if you have a lot of it it
creates more opportunities for you to
rank well but as i said in theory let's
go over practical tips that'll help your
content perform better tip number one
content isn't king but fresh content is
key
if you write content and you rank really
well and really high up on google don't
expect it to last forever if you write
content and you rank really really high
in google don't expect it to last unless
you keep your content fresh like
wikipedia
if you can continually keep your content
fresh and update it and not by just a
few words or pictures but instead
continually really improving and making
it the best user experience out there
you're gonna have a better chance of
improving your rankings and staying up
there in the long run
the moment you stop updating your
content will be the moment that your
traffic keeps struggling from an seo
standpoint
tip two content shouldn't be written for
search engines and writing content for
users isn't enough either it has nothing
to do with rankings or traffic why
because when you write content
eventually your traffic will be going up
and you'll find that it won't drive as
much sales or leads as you expect so
what do you do
well
you could try to sell to your audience
through things like exit pop-ups but
keep in mind people came to read that
page so the best solution write content
that converts and adjust your content to
also talk about your products your
services and blend them in when it makes
sense this way you can get traffic and
revenue so for example if i have an
article that talks about seo tips and
seven seo tips i'll also say if you're
struggling to implement these tips check
out my ad agency np digital we we're
ranked the performance marketing agency
year because we help people crash it
with their seo so click here if you want
to work with us you see i'm blending it
in i can also do that for videos like
this as well
tip three a picture still says a
thousand words even if surgeons prefer
text over visual images
from infographics to animated gifs
you'll want to use images that convey
your message when possible it drives way
more engagement and backlinks both from
a social media perspective and a seo
perspective a great example of this is
animated graphic of a cheetah running
using tools like canva you can make more
content that's like this and it's visual
tip four if you don't have something new
to say figure out something else to say
just think about it this way there are
over 1.2
billion results for the term auto
insurance in the united states yet there
are only 165 000 people in the united
states searching for that term each
month to give you a perspective there
are 7
272 times more results than searchers
and just like every other topic on the
web it's been beaten to death and no one
cares for another auto insurance blog
post you either need to say new stuff to
talk about or you need to showcase the
information in a different way such as a
visual infographic to make it stand out
you can also use tools like answer the
public to find new topics that people
are interested in that are up and coming
so you can also create hidden content on
that instead of regurgitating the same
old information over and over again
tip five spend more time promoting your
content than writing it follow the 80 20
rule if it takes you two hours to write
a piece of content spend eight hours
promoting it now it doesn't have to be
exactly that way but you get my point
spend more time promoting the content
than writing it content marketing is
competitive so focus on unique ways to
promote whatever you produce
i leverage email marketing push
notifications and social media as my
main strategies for promoting my content
and speaking of emails this gets me into
tip six
don't forget to collect emails
the easiest way to get more engagement
on your content is by sending out email
blasts whether you're collecting emails
from a linked tree tools like that or
exit pop-ups or even content upgrades
you need to collect more emails and
don't rely on one email collection
method use as many as possible as it
adds up typically if you're getting a
hundred visitors if you're doing a good
job you'll collect two to three emails
tip seven
i want you to repurpose your content so
you don't get burned out you aren't just
using content for your blog you're also
using it for social media or even
podcasting it's too much work to create
content that's unique for each channel
so repurpose i tend to create video
content first and then i take what's
popular turn into blog posts podcasts i
even create you know infographics based
off of that and then sometimes i even
take the videos and slice and dice it
and use it as reels or quotes and if i
have good quotes i'll caption them as
images and post them up on social media
as well
and this helps getting the most amount
of brand awareness and traffic by just
doing something simple repurpose your
content now if you need help with any of
this check out my ad agency np digital
where we help companies with their
traffic and their digital marketing if
you have any questions leave a comment
i'm here to help if you enjoyed the
video like it share it subscribe to the
channel thank you for your time